Hey miss, be careful
Hey, hey, hey.
It is the top villa in Yuncheng, Yugong Yunhan
But compared to your identity
Still a little bit off
I will ask you to live here first.
It's okay, just have a place to live
Hey hey sister
Something here
Summer vacation has already sent people to eat together
If you need me anywhere
Tell me at any time, Prime Minister
Does Yaoyao like it here?
Dad, this house is so big
It's bigger than his grandfather's house
Grandpa loves it
Since Yaoyao likes it here
Then we live here
Dad, this house is so expensive.
Do we have that much money?
Miss Yangyang
As long as the lord says a word
The wealth of the entire summer
Will gather in front of your eyes
Such a mansion
In his eyes, it's just a shabby house
Wow dad is awesome
Hello, tomorrow's dinner party
The subordinates are already ready to steal my tower
I won't disturb you and Miss Yaoyao.
I'll quit first
If you have anything, please tell me at any time.
Hey, hahaha yeah.
We live in a big villa
When will dad pick up mom?
The three of us are happy
Don't worry, Yaoyao.
I'll pick up my mom soon
Oops haha, look, look
Oh, thank you so much, Mr. Lin.
Let us have the opportunity to come to this Tiangong Hotel
Wenbo, these are all trivial
Is that Miss Liu Qingxuelu?
Yes, yes, my daughter is Miss Liu
The banquet hall prepared by the lord for you
It is the best hotel in Tiangong
Luxurious Talented Ocean Hall